Sergey opened the online store of light
likes social networking
and Natasha just wants to attract
attention she is smart and beautiful
keeps his blog but Sergei has little goods
are buying
visitors don't pay attention to
page light and
and natasha how to attract the target audience
increase conversion make sales
stable fortunately in this company
have a mutual friend
Garik who uses the services of the site
converse video dot ru
he told his friends what the standard
approaches
for a long time but video works and
not just a video about a video made in
special style
drawing video friends ordered a video
on the website you told the elephants brief
your problem
the rest of the work script storyboard
sound animation drawings montage and
even the promotion of the video
done in the studio now this video will be
attract new customers long
time at no additional cost to
unlike advertising Yandex and Google which
requires constant investment and nemo
expensive professionals
and the result from Sergey sales increased in
three times and he's going to open the network
shops have light attendance
increased 17 times and blog Natasha just
in one month
became so popular that its
invited the host to the local TV channel
how to make the conversion increased
3 4 times just follow the link
under the video
Enter the name of the address and click on
button in a minute will start with you
work team converse video and
prepare an action plan for free
to increase sales
and also make a video which
will attract target
audience